the importance of not repeating the good
genetically modified or transgenic organisms
modified by transfer by the introduction of genetic material
from an expression the species towards the mountain range and all species that is impersonal
in a species of the are access them here they are modified and there the
what happens to this cell in the past
to exercise power a different function now
It is common for the kind of legend
That's what I'm going to say here for you, year.
I accompany the noon
law treats you now has answered that it is something distant and unique that what is
certain is in the technique as for example your next are several chest
introduction of biological and physical chemical processes to gain
I put here for you only one physical
now with the importance of the battle
we will here analyze a very common clinical picture of our population
pass
it's the payments
in the old cabinets how it was treated
was treated with bovine isonomia that the minister
look well
yes and no if in this case the patient develops this reason for rejection
other insulin piece
the open health treatment she expects is totally compromised
many of the cases
beck and bovine insulin beck rejected by the patients
Who did you make to India and China?
she tried to introduce
to gain mango his was able to insulin to have a bacterium
and this bacterium passed thus of the human relation
and this dream is good today
it is sold commercially even distributed by the government
for the most deprived populations
and today the diabetes in many patients are totally controlled
an innocuous decision
So how come you do not walk on bacteria?
so follow me with this image that shows
exactly as it is done in a bag
the question is if they human then human action I do ok
the extraction of dna
stop winning I use the eurid law at the beginning of class
a restriction enzyme
restriction enzyme by the current high when
and here I have to reduce the inhibition on the side
this gene the team away in this so irresponsible
by simple resume
Let's go now to the other side.
cell cells
of the action would encompass two or a plasmid which is this structure here
professed that it is the corn place
the plasmid can see if a path of being so
if one of the genetic material of the battery starve book
the wrong plasmid is
of a chapter
then almost half a million island my friend my student
it is the pattern and partial of the genetic material to be paid for the land in that
matter
I think about this plasme matter
So what do I do that term corn successfully dealt with the rejection
that happens
When I treat a medical emergency regime, it opens up.
and now what do I do together a plasmid with a human gene from
insulin
and then what do I do, get plasmid blackberry
I entered
This is nuclear matter and yes
dna that introduce a bacterium
this personal introduction is known as a veto or biological and here as
scene according to technique the introduction of loyal
Because I did not sing, I used it here.
A biological structure is a plasmid
for the battery cooperation in recognizing and acquitted this is mine
and sharing that what is going to happen
this matter will go on to produce human insulin
Become a Translator
this is the great importance of the foreigner
the journalists coming they are able
d make you laugh ps
he
had characteristics that are not common spheres
who would 50 years ago imagine a bacterium producing insulin
human
it's just you
or else
the phosphorescent lookout goalkeeper
it's right this was not appropriate then what I give 50 years
behind
is a totally wrong today's fiction of a man has a power
genetic variability of gene combination
very large
so let's now answer the letter b
look that
in letter b since italy gives to you again visualized would have
and here also holds for the importance
of transgenic bacteria
then transgenic bacteria are
at that time not but are miguel factories or
bioreactors of substances of human interest
such as medicines
as for example in sulina we also have other rumors of growth
if we have a lot of medicines that are produced today
careful that it is not they are not produced by these bio
factories ok